ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

## Overview

Quartiles Solver is built with Deno and Fresh. The application allows users to
input word parts and generate a list of valid words to achieve an expert score
in Quartiles on Apple News+.

## Directory structure

```
.
├── .devcontainer/
│   ├── devcontainer.json
│   ├── docker-compose.yml
│   └── Dockerfile
├── .github/
│   ├── dependabot.yml
│   └── .gitignore
├── .vscode/
│   ├── extensions.json
│   ├── settings.json
│   └── tailwind.json
├── components/
│   └── ResultsContainer.tsx
├── islands/
│   └── QuartileSolver.tsx
├── routes/
│   ├── _404.tsx
│   ├── _app.tsx
│   ├── about.tsx
│   ├── index.tsx
├── static/
│   ├── logo.svg
│   └── styles.css
├── .gitignore
├── deno.json
├── dev.ts
├── fresh.config.ts
├── fresh.gen.ts
├── main.ts
├── README.md
└── tailwind.config.ts
```

## Routes

### Main routes

- `GET /`: Render the main interface for inputting word parts.
- `POST /`: Process the input word parts and return a list of valid words.

## Configuration

### Deno configuration

The project uses `deno.json` for configuration, including tasks for formatting,
linting, building, and running the project.

### Fresh configuration

The `fresh.config.ts` file defines the configuration for the Fresh framework,
including plugins like Tailwind CSS.

### Docker configuration

The `.devcontainer` directory contains the Docker configuration files for
setting up the development environment.

## Development

### Running the project

To start the project, run:

```sh
deno task start
```

This will watch the project directory and restart as necessary.

### Building the project

To build the project, run:

```sh
deno task build
```

### Previewing the project

To preview the project, run:

```sh
deno task preview
```

Commit message:

fixes 17
Replace the call to GitHub for `words_alpha.txt` with a local file and update the `about` route with a link to the repository and a blurb about its use.

* Add `words_alpha.txt` to the `static` directory.
* Modify `routes/api/solve.ts` to read `words_alpha.txt` from the local file system instead of fetching it from GitHub.
* Update `routes/about.tsx` to include a link to the repository and a blurb about its use.
* Update `ARCHITECTURE.md` to mention the use of a local `words_alpha.txt` file.
* Remove the external mocking dependency in `tests/api_solve_test.ts` and update the tests to use the local `words_alpha.txt` file.
* Move `SolverForm` component from `components` to `islands` and update imports accordingly.

Originally worked in [Copilot
Workspaces](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/ephbaum/quartiles-solver/issues/17?r=dashboard&s=ae61)
but got out of sync, committing from local

ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

## Overview

Quartiles Solver is built with Deno and Fresh. The application allows users to
input word parts and generate a list of valid words to achieve an expert score
in Quartiles on Apple News+.

## Directory structure

```
.
├── .devcontainer/
│   ├── devcontainer.json
│   ├── docker-compose.yml
│   └── Dockerfile
├── .github/
│   ├── dependabot.yml
│   └── .gitignore
├── .vscode/
│   ├── extensions.json
│   ├── settings.json
│   └── tailwind.json
├── components/
│   └── ResultsContainer.tsx
├── islands/
│   └── QuartileSolver.tsx
├── routes/
│   ├── _404.tsx
│   ├── _app.tsx
│   ├── about.tsx
│   ├── index.tsx
│   ├── api/
│   │   └── solve.ts
├── static/
│   ├── logo.svg
│   ├── styles.css
│   └── words_alpha.txt
├── .gitignore
├── deno.json
├── dev.ts
├── fresh.config.ts
├── fresh.gen.ts
├── main.ts
├── README.md
└── tailwind.config.ts
```

## Routes

### Main routes

- `GET /`: Render the main interface for inputting word parts.
- `POST /`: Process the input word parts and return a list of valid words.

## Configuration

### Deno configuration

The project uses `deno.json` for configuration, including tasks for formatting,
linting, building, and running the project.

### Fresh configuration

The `fresh.config.ts` file defines the configuration for the Fresh framework,
including plugins like Tailwind CSS.

### Docker configuration

The `.devcontainer` directory contains the Docker configuration files for
setting up the development environment.

## Development

### Running the project

To start the project, run:

```sh
deno task start
```

This will watch the project directory and restart as necessary.

### Building the project

To build the project, run:

```sh
deno task build
```

### Previewing the project

To preview the project, run:

```sh
deno task preview
```

## Word List

The word list used in this project is sourced from the `words_alpha.txt` file
located in the `static` directory. This file contains a comprehensive list of
English words, which is used to validate the words generated by Quartiles
Solver. The word list is sourced from the
[dwyl/english-words repository](https://github.com/dwyl/english-words/).
